[DOCS-825] Live Containers / Live Processes in EKS Fargate (#6358)
DataDog/integrations-core: eks_fargate/README.md

**Note**: Don't forget to replace `<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>` with the [Datadog API key from your organization][13].

### Live Containers

> Datadog Agent 6.19+ supports live containers in the EKS Fargate integration. Live containers appear in the [Containers][21] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Agent v6.19+ supports live containers in the EKS Fargate integration. Live containers appear on the [Containers][21] page.
```

### Live Processes

> Datadog Agent 6.19+ supports live processes in the EKS Fargate integration. Live processes appear in the [Processes][22] page. To enable live processes, [enable `shareProcessNamespace` in the pod spec][23].

Reviewer 2: should we provide a yaml with process agent and `shareProcessNamespace` enabled?  the same way we do for integrations, dogstatsd and traces

> Datadog Agent 6.19+ supports live processes in the EKS Fargate integration. Live processes appear in the [Processes][22] page. To enable live processes, [enable `shareProcessNamespace` in the pod spec][23].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Agent v6.19+ supports live processes in the EKS Fargate integration. Live processes appear on the [Processes][22] page. To enable live processes, [enable shareProcessNamespace in the pod spec][23].
```
Using the code ticks inside of a link looks bad on the docs site
